---
date: 2017-08-28T17:00:00-05:00
draft: false
title: Terms of Use
---

Agreement between user and Dropseed, LLC

Welcome to https://dependencies.io (the “Site”), which is comprised of various
web pages operated by Dropseed, LLC ("Dropseed").  The Site hosts certain online
services commonly known as Dependencies.io (the “Service”), which is dependency
management software for developers.  The Site and Service is offered to you
conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions,
and notices contained in these Terms of Use (the "Terms"). Your use of the Site
and Service constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these
Terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.

### Privacy

Your use of the Site and Service is subject to Dependencies.io's Privacy Policy.
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Service and informs
users of our data collection practices.

### Electronic Communications

Visiting the Site, utilizing the Service, or sending emails to Dropseed
constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic
communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other
communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the
Service, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

### Your account

If you use this Service, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and
you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your
account or password. Your login may only be used by one person (ie a single
login may not be shared by multiple people).  You may create separate logins for
as many people as your plan allows.  You may not assign or otherwise transfer
your account to any other person or entity. You are responsible for maintaining
the security of your account and password, and you acknowledge that Dropseed is
not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft
or misappropriation of your account. Dropseed and its associates reserve the
right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content
in our sole discretion. Such termination of the Service will result in the
deactivation or deletion of your account or your access to your account, and the
forfeiture and relinquishment of all content in your account.

Dropseed does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal
information from persons under the age of thirteen. If you are under 18, you may
use the Site and Service only with permission of a parent or guardian.

### Free Trial Period

You may be invited to try the paid Service at no charge for a free trial or
evaluation period (“Free Trial Period”). Unless otherwise stated, any Free Trial
Period will expire fourteen (14) days from the trial start date.  Any use of the
paid Service after the Free Trial Period requires a paid subscription.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dropseed may discontinue any Free Trial Period at
any time in its sole discretion, and may decide to never make any Free Trial
Period generally available. Dropseed will have no liability for any harm or
damage arising out of or in connection with any Free Trial Period.

### Payment, Refunds, Upgrading and Downgrading Terms

All paid Service plans must enter a valid payment account information for
automatic payments based on the payment frequency chosen by you.  Free accounts
are not required to provide payment account information. We will immediately
bill you for any upgrade from the free plan to any paying Service plan.  For all
monthly Service plans, we will charge your credit card in advance on a monthly
basis.  When changing from a monthly billing cycle to a yearly billing cycle, we
will bill for a full year at the next monthly billing date.  For upgrades or
downgrades while on a monthly or yearly plan, we will immediately charge or
refund the difference in plan cost, prorated for the remaining time in the
billing cycle.  Downgrading your Service may cause the loss of content,
features, or capacity of your account. We do not accept any liability for such
loss.

All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing
authorities, and you shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies,
or duties.  You acknowledge and agree that any credit card and related billing
and payment information that you provide to Dropseed may be shared by Dropseed
with companies who work on Dropseed’s behalf, such as payment processors and/or
credit agencies, solely for the purposes of checking credit, effecting payment
to Dropseed and servicing your subscription.

### Cancellation/Refund Policy

You may cancel your subscription at any time. Any cancellations after 15 days of
Service will not qualify for a refund. Please contact us at
billing@dependencies.io with any questions.  All of your content will be
immediately deleted from the Service upon cancellation.  This information can
not be recovered once your account is cancelled.

### Modifications to the Services and Prices

Dropseed reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or
discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with
or without notice.  Prices of all Services, including but not limited to monthly
subscription plan fees to the Service, are subject to change upon 30 days’
notice from us. Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes
to the Site or the Service itself.  Dropseed shall not be liable to you or to
any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance
of the Service.

### Links to third party sites/Third party services

The Site may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites
are not under the control of Dropseed and Dropseed is not responsible for the
contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in
a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Dropseed is providing
these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not
imply endorsement by Dropseed of the site or any association with its operators.

Certain services made available via the Site are delivered by third party sites
and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating
from the Site domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Dropseed may share
such information and data with any third party with whom Dropseed has a
contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or
functionality on behalf of Site users and customers.

### No unlawful or prohibited use/Intellectual Property

You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access
and use the Site and Service strictly in accordance with these Terms. As a
condition of your use of the Service, you warrant to Dropseed that you will not
use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms.
You may not use the Site or Service in any manner which could damage, disable,
overburden, or impair the Site or Service or interfere with any other party's
use and enjoyment of the Site or Service. You may not obtain or attempt to
obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made
available or provided for through the Service.

All content included as part of the Site or Service, such as text, graphics,
logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the
Service, is the sole and exclusive property of Dropseed or its licensors and
protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and proprietary
rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary
notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will
not make any changes thereto.

You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the
transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the
content, in whole or in part, found on the Site or Service. Dropseed’s content
or Service is not for resale. The look and feel of the Site and Service is a
copyright © of Dropseed, and all rights are reserved by Dropseed. You may not
duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS, Javascript, or other
design elements or concepts without express written permission from Dropseed.

Your use of the Service does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any
protected content, and in particular you may not delete or alter any proprietary
rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content
solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without
the express written permission of Dropseed and the copyright owner. You agree
that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not
grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of
Dropseed or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.

You hereby grant Dropseed a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid,
sublicensable, limited-term license to host, copy, transmit and display your
content that you post to the Service, solely as necessary for Dropseed to
provide the Service in accordance with these Terms. Subject to the limited
licenses granted herein, Dropseed acquires no right, title or interest from you
or your licensors under these Terms in or to your content.  We claim no
intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Service. Your
profile and materials uploaded remain yours. However, by setting your pages to
be viewed publicly, you agree to allow others to view your content. By setting
your repositories to be viewed publicly, you agree to allow others to view your
repositories.

### Third Party Accounts

You will be able to connect your Dropseed account to third party accounts. By
connecting your Dropseed account to your third party account, you acknowledge
and agree that you are consenting to the continuous release of information about
you to others (in accordance with your privacy settings on those third party
sites). If you do not want information about you to be shared in this manner, do
not use this feature.

### International Users

The Site and Service is controlled, operated and administered by Dropseed from
our offices within the USA. If you access the Service from a location outside
the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that
you will not use the Dropseed content accessed through the Service in any
country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or
regulations.

### Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Dropseed, its officers,
directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs,
liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or
arising out of your use of or inability to use the Service, or your violation of
any of these Terms, or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your
violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Dropseed reserves the
right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any
matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will
fully cooperate with Dropseed in asserting any available defenses.

### Liability disclaimer

THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE
THROUGH THE SITE OR SERVICE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. DROPSEED, LLC AND/OR
ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME.

DROPSEED AND/OR ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY,
RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION,
SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SITE OR
SERVICE FOR ANY PURPOSE. DROPSEED DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (I) THE SITE OR SERVICE
WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SITE OR SERVICE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE
OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (IV)
THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED
OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITE OR SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND
(V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SITE OR SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES
AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY
KIND. DROPSEED AND/OR ITS LICENSORS HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND
RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL DROPSEED
AND/OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY
WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR SERVICE, WITH THE DELAY
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE
TO PROVIDE THE SITE OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS,
SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OF THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE,
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF DROPSEED OR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH
ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SERVICE.

### Termination/access restriction

Dropseed reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to
the Service and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without
notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, these Terms are governed by the
laws of the State of Kansas and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction
and venue of courts in Kansas in all disputes arising out of or relating to the
use of the Service. Use of the Site and Service is unauthorized in any
jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms,
including, without limitation, this section.

### No Partnership

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship
exists between you and Dropseed as a result of this agreement or use of the
Service. Dropseed's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws
and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms are in derogation of
Dropseed's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests
or requirements relating to your use of the Site or Service or information
provided to or gathered by Dropseed with respect to such use. If any part of
this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to
applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and
liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable
provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most
closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the
agreement shall continue in effect.

### Entire Agreement

Unless otherwise specified herein, these Terms constitutes the entire agreement
between the user and Dropseed with respect to the Site and Service and it
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether
electronic, oral or written, between the user and Dropseed with respect to the
Site or Service. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in
electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings
based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the
same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and
maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this
agreement and all related documents be written in English.  The failure of
Dropseed to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms constitute the
entire agreement between you and Dropseed and govern your use of the Site or
Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Dropseed (including,
but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms).

### Changes to Terms

You agree that these Terms and your use of the Site or Service are governed
under Kansas law.  Dropseed reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
change the Terms under which the Site or Service is offered. The most current
version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Dropseed encourages
you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
